## 2025-10-01
### Attendees

|Name|Present|
|----|-------|
|Aayush | Y |
|Arran | N |
|Caitlin | Y |
|David | Y |
|Kevin | Y |
|Reema | N |
|Samuel | Y |

- project ideas discussed
- familiarised with eachother
- initialised gorup communication
- final project idea decided - student social media app

## 2025-10-08
- name 'Flock' decided for project
- compared eachothers user stories
- collaberated on final story map
- discussed plan for first two week sprint - create prototypes for frontend using figma and compare after week one. After layout, style and features agreed upon roles will be discussed and the front end will be developed over the next week

## 2025-10-15

### Attendees

|Name|Present|
|----|-------|
|Aayush  | Y |
|Arran   | Y |
|Caitlin | Y |
|David   | Y |
|Kevin   | Y |
|Reema   | Y |
|Samuel  | Y |

### Agenda
- compare figma designs
- decide on consistent design for website (font, color palette, logo)
- set up git repository
- allocate roles to each member

### Minutes
- compared eachothers figma designs. 
- decided on logo and color palette which was then added to the assets of the shared project folder.
- discussed roles for each member for the next sprint. We decided each member will have a part in each stage of production,  i.e. planning phase, devolopment phase and presentation phase. 
- each front end/full stack developer was given a component/page each to develop.
- backend developers decided on who will create the database/schema and who would dvelop the api.
- the roles were updated in the CONTRIBUTING.md.
- git repository was created by Arran and all members were given developer access
- we discussed branching conventions and assisted eachother on learning basic git functionality

## 2025-10-22
 
### Attendees

|Name|Present|
|----|-------|
|Aayush  | Y |
|Arran   | Y |
|Caitlin | Y |
|David   | Y |
|Kevin   | Y |:
|Reema   | Y |
|Samuel  | N |

### Agenda
- discuss progress on frontend pages and backend
- clean up branching conventions for cleaner contribution
- decide on how to progress next with integration the backend with the frontend

### Minutes
- reviewed eachtothers code and discussed how we can cleanly integrate our work together
- went over git basics and conventions again to ensure clarity for all members
- backend developers discussed eachothers work and began working together to integrate the api and database
- frontend developers discussed with backend developers on routing conventions.
- plan for the next week was discussed where we agreed the frontend team will integrate the api that's been written, the backend will get the database and api working together, and after the next meeting on 2025-11-05 the full stack developers will work together on merging the branches and getting a stable dev branch to work out of.

## 2025-11-05

|Name|Present|
|----|-------|
|Aayush  | Y |
|Arran   | Y |
|Caitlin | N |
|David   | N |
|Kevin   | Y |
|Reema   | Y |
|Samuel  | Y |

### Agenda
- discuss merging of all of our individual work
- discuss new roles and split up team for better efficiency

### Minutes
- reviewed eachothers frontend and discussed merging methods
- frontend and backend discussed routing conventions and how to implement
- plan for front end merging was created -> Arran will merge the front end pages into dev during week starting 11-05. This includes pulling everyones code, normalising styles, naming conventions and making sure all routes and pages are functional. Samuel will then take over for week starting 11-12 and implement the backend.
- the rest of team will begin focus on the project documentation and presentation, in hopes to have a fully funtioning app with sufficient documentation ready for 11-29

